1. What is the difference in an started service and a bound service?

A started service will run once started until task is complete, then will stop unless topped manually. There
are 3 different kinds (foreground, background, intent). Bound services Service will run once bound to until
that service is unbounded. They use a client/server relationship. They uses the ServiceConnection object
for communication between the component which the service is bound to and the service itself.

2. Define what a observer/ subscriber relation is.

An observer/subscriber relation is When objects change, ObjectBox notifies subscribed data observers.
They can either subscribe to changes of certain object types (via BoxStore) or to query results. To
create a data observer you need to implement the generic io.objectbox.reactive.DataObserver interface

3. Define what a client/server relation is.

The client-server relationship describes the relation between the client and how it makes a service
request to the server, and how the server can accept these requests, process them, and return the
requested information to the client. Client–server model is a distributed application structure that
partitions tasks or workloads between the providers of a resource or service, called servers, and
service requester, called clients

4. Define each of the HTTP verbs

GET - request retrieves data from a web server by specifying parameters in the URL portion of the
      request. This is the main method used for document retrieval
POST - used to send data to the server, for example, customer information, file upload, etc. using
       HTML forms.
PUT - Replaces all current representations of target resource with the uploaded content. It also
      used to request the server to store the included entity-body at a location specified by the given URL
DELETE - Removes all current representations of the target resource given by a URI.
OPTIONS - The OPTIONS method is used by the client to find out the HTTP methods and other options
          supported by a web server. The client can specify a URL for the OPTIONS method, or an asterisk
          (*) to refer to the entire server.
CONNECT - The CONNECT method is used by the client to establish a network connection to a web server
          over HTTP
TRACE - The TRACE method is used to echo the contents of an HTTP Request back to the requester which
        can be used for debugging purpose at the time of development

5. Describe at least one use for each service (Foreground, Background, Intent, Bound)

Foreground - Used when app in within the foreground of operation

Background - Used when the app is running an operation that user may not need to know about explicitly

Intent - Used when you need an operation that is not associated to Main thread

Bound - Uses a client/server relationship